docs: add clarifications for fs.find() and fs.normalize() (#21132)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua.txt

    Return: ~
        (string) Parent directory of {file}

find({names}, {opts})                                          *vim.fs.find()*
    Find files or directories in the given path.

    Finds any files or directories given in {names} starting from {path} (if given). If
    {upward} is "true" then the search traverses upward through parent
    directories; otherwise, the search traverses downward. Note that downward
    searches are recursive and may search through many directories! If {stop}
    is given, then the search stops when the directory given in {stop} is
    reached. The search terminates when {limit} (1 if omitted) matches are found.
    The search can be narrowed to find only files or only directories by

>     specifying {type} to be either 'file' or 'directory', respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    specifying {type} to be either "file" or "directory", respectively.
```

find({names}, {opts})                                          *vim.fs.find()*
    Find files or directories in the given path.

    Finds any files or directories given in {names} starting from {path} (if given). If
    {upward} is "true" then the search traverses upward through parent
    directories; otherwise, the search traverses downward. Note that downward
    searches are recursive and may search through many directories! If {stop}
    is given, then the search stops when the directory given in {stop} is
    reached. The search terminates when {limit} (1 if omitted) matches are found.
    The search can be narrowed to find only files or only directories by
    specifying {type} to be either "file" or "directory", respectively.
    
     Examples: >
     
       lua = vim.fs.find("aFileOrDirectoryNextToNeovim")
       => "C:/Users/jdoe/aFileOrDirectoryNextToNeovim"
       
       lua = vim.fs.find("allFilesOrDirectoriesAboveNeovim", {upward = true, limit = math.huge})
       => "/home/jdoe/allFilesOrDirectoriesAboveNeovim"
       => "/home/allFilesOrDirectoriesAboveNeovim"
       
       lua = vim.fs.find("aFileInHomeDirectory", {path = "/home"})

>        => "/home/jdoe/archive/aFileInHomeDirectory"

Reviewer 2: As others have already said, do not include `lua = ` in Lua documentation. The `:lua` command is only needed for evaluating Lua on the command line, but these Lua docs cover scripts too. The `lua = ` just adds noise without providing any informational value.

    searches are recursive and may search through many directories! If {stop}
    is non-nil, then the search stops when the directory given in {stop} is
    reached. The search terminates when {limit} (default 1) matches are found.
    The search can be narrowed to find only files or only directories by
    specifying {type} to be "file" or "directory", respectively.
    
     Examples: >
     
       vim.fs.find("aFileOrDirectoryNextToNeovim")

>        => "C:/Users/jdoe/aFileOrDirectoryNextToNeovim"

Reviewer 2: I don't think I understand what "next to Neovim" is supposed to mean in these examples. By default, `vim.fs.find()` will find any file with the given name in any child directory, not just the current directory. For examples, just use short, simple file names.

Also, all of these examples assume that the given file actually exists on the filesystem. That assumption should be explicitly stated.

How about something like this instead:

```
For example, assume that Nvim is started in the user's home directory
which contains a file "foo.txt". The home directory also contains a
directory called "bar", and in that directory is a file called "baz.txt".
Then, the following function calls would return the following results:

    vim.fs.find('foo.txt')
    => { '/home/user/foo.txt' }

    vim.fs.find('baz.txt')
    => { '/home/user/bar/baz.txt' }
    
    vim.fs.find('foo.txt', { path = 'bar' })
    => {}

    vim.fs.find('foo.txt', { path = 'bar', upward = true })
    => { '/home/user/foo.txt' }
```

       
       vim.fs.find("allFilesOrDirectoriesAboveNeovim", {upward = true, limit = math.huge})
       => "/home/jdoe/allFilesOrDirectoriesAboveNeovim"
       => "/home/allFilesOrDirectoriesAboveNeovim"
       
       vim.fs.find("aFileInHomeDirectory", {path = "/home"})
       => "/home/jdoe/archive/aFileInHomeDirectory"
<

    Parameters: ~
    
      • {names}  (string or table or fun(name: string): boolean) Names of the files
                 and directories to find. Must be base names, paths and globs
                 are not supported. The function is called per file and
                 directory within the traversed directories to test if they match {names}.
		 
      • {opts}   (table) Optional keyword arguments:
                 • path (string): Path to begin searching from. If omitted,

>                    the current |current-directory| is used.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't match the docstring in the source code. Make sure you regenerate the docs with `./scripts/gen_vimdoc.py`.

Author: How do run `./scripts/gen_vimdoc.py`?

Reviewer 3: Exactly like this.

		   
                 • upward (boolean, default false): If true, search upward
                   through parent directories. Otherwise, search through child
                   directories (recursively).
		   
                 • stop (string): Stop searching when this directory is
                   reached. The directory itself is not searched.
		   
                 • type (string): Find only files ("file") or directories
                   ("directory"). If omitted, both files and directories that
                   match {names} are included.
		   
                 • limit (number, default 1): Stop the search after finding
                   {limit} match(es). Use `math.huge` to place no limit on the
                   number of matches.
		
    
    Return: ~
        (table) The normalized paths (see below) of all matching files or directories in {names}
	

normalize({path})                                         *vim.fs.normalize()*
    Normalize a path to standard format. A tilde (~) character at the
    beginning of the path is expanded to the user's home directory and any

>     backslash (\ or \\) characters are converted to forward slashes (/). Environment

Reviewer 2: ? A backslash character is `\`. `\\` is just two backslash characters.

```suggestion
    backslash (\) characters are converted to forward slashes (/). Environment
```

    variables are also expanded.

    Examples: >
    
     vim.fs.normalize("C:\Users\\jdoe")
     => "C:/Users/jdoe"
     
     vim.fs.normalize("~/src/neovim")
     => "/path/to/src/neovim"
     
     vim.fs.normalize("$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/nvim/init.vim")

>      => "/Users/jdoe/.config/nvim/init.vim"

Reviewer 2: Use single quotes in the docs. Why change this?

    searches are recursive and may search through many directories! If {stop}
    is non-nil, then the search stops when the directory given in {stop} is
    reached. The search terminates when {limit} (default 1) matches are found.
    The search can be narrowed to find only files or only directories by
    specifying {type} to be "file" or "directory", respectively.
    
      For example, assume that Nvim is started in the user's home directory
      which contains a file "foo.txt". The home directory also contains a
      directory called "bar", and in that directory is a file called "baz.txt".
      Then, the following function calls would return the following results:

       vim.fs.find('foo.txt')
       => { '/home/user/foo.txt' }

       vim.fs.find('baz.txt')
       => { '/home/user/bar/baz.txt' }

       vim.fs.find('foo.txt', { path = 'bar' })
       => {}

       vim.fs.find('foo.txt', { path = 'bar', upward = true })

>        => { '/home/user/foo.txt' }

Reviewer 3: This is needlessly prolix. The changes are more useful if this is removed.

                 are not supported. The function is called per file and
                 directory within the traversed directories to test if they match {names}.
		 
      • {opts}   (table) Optional keyword arguments:
                 • path (string): Path to begin searching from. If omitted,
                   the current |current-directory| is used.
		   
                 • upward (boolean, default false): If true, search upward
                   through parent directories. Otherwise, search through child
                   directories (recursively).
		   
                 • stop (string): Stop searching when this directory is
                   reached. The directory itself is not searched.
		   
                 • type (string): Find only files ("file") or directories
                   ("directory"). If omitted, both files and directories that
                   match {names} are included.
		   
                 • limit (number, default 1): Stop the search after finding
                   {limit} match(es). Use `math.huge` to place no limit on the
                   number of matches.
		
    
    Return: ~

>         (table) The normalized paths (see below) of all matching files or directories

Reviewer 3: "see below" is not helpful; either add a link or (better) leave it as is.

	

normalize({path})                                         *vim.fs.normalize()*

>     Normalize a path to standard format. A tilde (~) character at the

Reviewer 3: Not an improvement; this is ungrammatical.
